sincere apologies to Matt Damon we ran
out of time for him tonight we'll get
him on the air again soon Matt Damon
apologies apologies and Matt Damon we
ran out of time I want to apologize to
Matt Damon we ran out of time for him
Matt Damon the extremely overrated Matt
Damon
we ran out of time we ran out of time
oh that's pretty funny that's pretty
funny but tonight you didn't run out of
time for me did you Jimmy
no no I ran out of time for you
what's that Jimmy huh is there a new
host in town and his initials are M D
that's right the doctor is in Oh Jimmy
that's our that's our cue we don't want
to miss the the opening sequence
from Hollywood it's this idiot show
tonight Matt Damon
musical guest Matt Damon
[Music]
yeah
finally man
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you so much
Wow
thank you hey everybody
welcome to tonight's episode of Jimmy
Kimmel sucks I am your host Matt Damon
okay just for starters let me ask you
guys this as an audience is it weird to
see a person with actual talent host
this show I'm very excited to be here
obviously Jimmy has bumped me from his
show 1205 times for ten years every
night I wait in that green room and
every night Kimmel says apologies the
Matt Damon we ran out of time I've been
waiting for this moment for a long long
time this is like when I lost my
virginity except this is gonna last way
longer than one second
every time I got bumped off this show it
left a mark but if you bump a man long
enough a night will come when he bumps
you back and tonight is that night my
friends I am in command of this ship
tonight tonight good triumphs over evil
I am luke skywalker and kimmel is the
death star big and round and easily
destroyed through his garbage hole look
at him over there look at Timmy over
there with a gag in his mouth
you've never been funnier my friend
[Applause]
Jimmy Kimmel is to late night talk show
hosts what Magic Johnson is to late
night talk show host hey Jimmy did you
hear the joke about Lindsay Lohan
because I have 1205 times but I've never
hosted a talk show before so some of you
might be wondering what makes me
qualified to fill in tonight I'll tell
you for courage under fire I lost 40
pounds for the Bourne Identity I learned
the martial arts in We Bought a Zoo I
had sex with an ostrich so I mean I
think I can do this
[Music]
[Applause]